FAQs:

Question: What to do if the application is unresponsive or if it got stuck in a loop?

Answer: If the application is unresponsive there is an appliation within the Station1800-master folder called labviewintegrationkiller.py. If it is stuck in a loop the same process will work as well.


Question: What to do if the run button can't be found in LabView?

Answer: If the run button can not be found in LabView, first make sure the image on the LabView appliation has not changed since the last time it was updated. 
The macro reads the image of the run button and makes sure the image matches the one saved on the program, so make sure the picture has not changed. If that is not the case, then lower the resolution of the image finder because it may not be able to find the image, even if the images are the same. 


Question: What to do if the check button can't be found in LabView?

Answer: Same answer as the run button.


Question: What are Image Tolerances?

Answer: "1" is the highest resolution, where they need to match pixel to pixel, and "0" was no match
at all. It was started at "0.3" for this project, so if that is not the case at the time of viewing this, try that first and adjust accordingly.


Question: What to do if the application doesn't recognize that the test has been completed?

Answer: Make sure that the text "Test Complete..." in the LabView program is still the word that signals that the program is done. It can change and the macro needs to know what the exact words are that desginates a completed test. This can be done in the settings section of the interface where the word looked for can be changed as well


Question: What are Macro Settings and how to change them (adjust tolerances, change image directory paths)?

Answer: The Macro Settings desginate the different values and different images assocaited with the macro scheduler adn what it will look for when the LabView program is running.


Question: What to do if Google Chrome flashes open and closes immediately?

Answer: Check the version of the driver, and then make sure that the 


Question: How to check Google Chrome's version?

Answer: Go onto the chrome broswer, click into settings and check the version of the browser. Make sure it matches up with one fo the drives available on the program.



Question: How to update Google Chrome's Selenium drivers?

Answer: Go to https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/en/webdriver/driver_requirements/ and find the download for the chrome driver. Once downloaded, then place it inside of the "Drivers" folder in the Station1800-master folder. Make sure that the program is testing for the correct version of the driver as well. It must match up with the version of the browser that you have on the computer. In order to check what version of chrome you have on your computer, you must go to the top right corner of the screen, click the three dotted logo, go to "Help", then to "About Google Chrome". Once through to that page, the version will be provided.

Question: What is the application looking for when the operator scans serial numbers?

Answer: The applicationis looking for the type of unit and the size of the unit. That will determine the number of MDLs and whether or not a Puma will need to be involved in the sccaning/unit.

	-Badge
	
The application will look for the validility of the badge number.

	-Pallet label
	
The application will check if this unit is ready to go through this station. It will also check whether or not the unit needs certain things to scan and what it does not.

	-Puma
	
This application will check the puma and make sure the right numbe ron the serial number is scanned.

Question: Where in the code can these parameters be adjusted?

Answer: They can be adjusted in the Station1800.py file. They have their own class and are defined throughout the file. If you need to change the name that can be done on its own by changing the name manually ion thec code.

Question: Error explanation?

	Error 1: Invalid Serial Number
	
	Most likely means that you scanned the wrong thing, or the number count has changed on serial numbers.

	Error 2: Invalid ID
	
	Another probable wrong scan.
	.
	.
	.

Comments:

If any scan is inputted incorrectly, there will be popups that indicate the error. The operator can than go back to the GUI and scan the correct part.

If the application seems to be faulty by any means,  the operator can go into the two software manually and complete the station that way as well.

If any part is updated on the unit, the Station1800.py file needs to be updated to accomodate for these changes and to allow the operator to visualize which part they are scanning so they do not scan the incorrect item and are forced to rescan.
